Chun Yue and Princess Leng were caught in a private meeting
Has now been transported to the palace
Waiting for the emperor's order
This queen is too fast
It's my fault if I didn't talk to him last night
He won't meet the cold group owner today
I want to break up with him
It's obviously his own fault
Madam, you've helped him enough
Act so quickly
The queen must have been staring at him for a long time
You shouldn't blame yourself too much
This pure yoga and Leng Wangfu are both first-class emperors
Form a restrictive relationship with the Fang family
I know this blizzard
I just want to take this opportunity to defeat the king of the two families
Then he can dominate the court
Now
Only the emperor can save him
I will attack immediately
Hey ma'am
Madam Queen, please come over now
Go back
I have something to do with the emperor
Lady Protector
Please don't embarrass the slaves
Fine. I'll just go then?
You let go again